SEO optimization (#768)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/LocalDev.md

You can of course use VIM if you are hardcore, .NET Core is command-line environment friendly.

Visual Studio Code, Visual Studio and Rider will run the launch profile `Bitcoin`.

> This will run a **BTCPayServer instance connecting to the services in your Docker service**, so you can easily debug and step through the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will run a **BTCPay Server instance connecting to the services in your Docker service**, so you can easily debug and step through the code.
```
